college is one of the main reasons that I joined the military service.
And if you think that you're gonna have the naval, um, the naval profession
be your your main career, then I would suggest going to college
as soon as possible, even while you're in, preferably before, but,
um, sometime, Um, after, uh, after you, after you join, based on
some of the free education that you get on and try to become an officer.
If that's your thing, um, they have a longer career, spanned,
maybe upto 30 years. Um, yet I think a wider range of professions, Um,
plus, maybe you joined the service when you were younger. You didn't
really know what you wanted to do, and you might be in a profession
that, um, you could enjoy. But you could also want experience, different
things. I think officers have a much wider range of things
that they can do. You can still do the same rate that you are that you're
in. There are many nukes that continue to be nukes afterwards.
But if you're an officer, yeah, you have the chance toe, um goto many
more places to be in a higher responsibility profession, I think
eso you you consider? Um, Officer, if you were, if you had a degree
during the time now, you could be like me, which is use the profession
of the naval profession as a way to get your education. And in that
case, I would say you go to school after you get out. Now, um, for
me, I stayed in the Navy Reserve, and that really worked really, really
good with with going to school. Um, I did my six years active.
I took a few classes online. Um, I think I had, like, three or four
classes that that I was attempting, at least. And then at the end of
eight years, um, after joining the Navy Reserve, I I was in school
for full time, basically for the I guess the last, like, eight years
or so. I did my undergrad and I did a master's. And I'm currently,
um, still in the Navy Reserve and still getting my masters. And I think
that freedom that you have without worrying about full time work,
uh, is really beneficial, Especially if you want to do really good
at your at your at your, um, class in your classes